
Concall Notes - June 2022

### Business & Operational Highlights (by Deepak Jalan, MD of Linc Ltd.) :
•	Market Share of Linc is 8%  
•	Co. earlier focused on lower segment market, but it has shifted focus to Rs. 10 & above segment, starting with **Pentonic** in 2019.  
•	USP of Pentonic: Minimal, Writing smoothness, Unique Design.  
•	**Pentonic** contributes to 25% of Revenue.   
•	GPM of Pentonic: 43% (Very High)  , helps in overall increase in GPM.  
•	**RAW Material Cost is directly proportional to Crude & Polymer Prices**. Impacts a lot on GPM.  
•	Other cost includes: freight rates (transportation cost), marketing, new customer acquisition.  
  
### •	5 Strategies adopted by the Company, Linc 2.0 :  
  
»	**Increasing Touch Points**: Co. increased its touch points from 5000 to 1 Lakh outlets from FY20 to FY22. Expects to reach 5 Lakh touch points by FY25.  
  
»	**Higher Margin Products**: Introduction of **Pentonic**. No other pen company has dared to envision a pen at Rs. 10 price point without metal clip, transfer film or individual packaging. Co. is focusing on growing Pentonic more and add more products in its portfolio.
  
»	**Stationary Products**: Linc is India’s exclusive importer and distributor for **Deli**, which is Asia's largest stationary manufacturer. It is expected that Deli business should add about Rs. 100 crores to the company's turnover in 3 to 4 years’ time.  
  
»	**Step up existing capacity**: Co. has an expansion plan wherein it is putting up a new manufacturing facility in the existing location at Gujarat. This will double to in-house capacity (10Lakh to 20Lakh pens per day).
  
»	**Environmental, Social & Governance**: Substituting plastic wrapper packaging with paper bulk packaging. Working on recycling of used pens.   
  


_India has over 10 million non-stationary outlets_
